# Command Line Switches
livedoc-mocha supports the same command line options as mocha, but adds a few of its own to support additional features.

> Refer to mocha docs for mocha specific switches.

* [Filtering](#filtering)
* [Output](#output)
* [Reporters](#reporters)


## Filtering
Filtering allows the ability to specify which scenarios or features get executed by specifying [tags](docs/API.md#tags). This is especially valuable to include or exclude scenarios that require additional setup or take a long time to execute such as UI automation.

Filtering switches:

* <code>--ld-include</code>: Used to only include features/scenarios that have been marked with the tags provided. Example use would be to only run what's been tagged with @integration. 

    example:
    ```js 
    --ld-include "tag1 tag2 tag3"
    ```
* <code>--ld-exclude</code>: Used to exclude features/scenarios that have been marked with the tags provided. Example use would be run everything __except__ those tagged with @integration. 

    example:
    ```js 
    --ld-exclude "tag1 tag2 tag3"
    ```

* --showFilterConflicts: When used will display conflicted filter matches as pending rather than not showing them at all.

The <code>--ld-include</code> and <code>ld-exclude</code> switches can be used together to both include and exclude features/scenarios. You should note that when specifying the tags you don't include the @ symbol. When a conflict occurs by default the exclude will take precedence. However, there may be times when you want to know what the conflicts were. In that case using the <code>--showFilterConflicts</code> will show the otherwise excluded scenarios but mark them as pending, so they are still not executed.

> For more details on tags and tagging, refer to the [Tags](docs/API.md#tags) documentation in the API reference.

### Using during development
Tags can also be a useful option to specify a `@dev` tag and only run Specs that have that tag. This avoids the issue of accidentially checking in code marked with `.only`. 

## Output
The output switch will write the test output to the specified text file. It should be noted that this option is not the same as capturing the console output. Any `console.log` statements will not be captured only output generated by the reporter.

`--reporter-options output=results.txt`

## Reporters
livedoc-mocha supports a new type of reporter called a [post-reporter](docs/Post-Reporters.md), as well as the more traditional reporter known as a [ui-reporter](docs/UI-Reporters.md). UI reporters are added the same way as a mocha reporter. 

```
--reporter reporter-name 
```

However using a post-reporter uses the following switch:

```
--ld-reporters reporter-name
```

Post-reporters make use of the same mocha `--reporter-options` switch and so if a reporter requires additional parameters they should be added there. See the following for more details:

For more specific details see the [Reporters](Reporters.md) documentation.
